.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH tuxcast-config 1 "MAY 2008" 0.3 "tuxcast 0.3"
.SH NAME
tuxcast-config \- tuxcast configuration utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tuxcast-config [option] name
.SH DESCRIPTION
A configuration utility for Tuxcast. It must be run before the
main tuxcast program can be run. It generates the required XML
configuration files to define feeds and destination directories.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP -a -n name -A address -f folder
Add a feed named "name", with address "address".  Podcasts will be saved in the folder named "folder", under the root directory "podcastdir".  If folder is left blank, podcasts will be saved in the root podcast directory
.IP -d name
Delete the feed named "name".
.IP -g option
Retrieve the value of the option named "option"
.IP -g feed -n name
Show information on the feed named "name"
.IP -G
Show the value of all options, as well as listing all information on all feeds
.IP -h
Display a help message
.IP -s option=value
Set the option named "option" to "value"
.IP -m
List MIME types which will be downloaded.  If this list is empty, files of all MIME types will be downloaded
.IP -t type
Permit the MIME type "type" to be downloaded
.IP -r type
Remove the MIME type "type" from the list of permitted MIME types
.IP -u -n name [ -A address | -f folder | -N newname ]
Change a property of an existing feed.  You can only change one property at a time.  Use -A to set the address to "address", -f to set the folder in which to save podcasts to "folder", and -N to change the name of the feed to "newname"

Available options are:
* podcastdir - the root directory in which all podcasts are saved.
* ask - if set to "yes", the user will be asked before downloading each file

.SH BUGS
There are no known issues in this version of tuxcast-config
.SH AUTHOR
Tuxcast is written by David 'Cillian' Turner with occasional assistance from Roger 'Oojah' Light.  See the manpage for tuxcast for more details.

These manpages are by cypher_ of Linux User Group Radio (#lugradio) on the freenode network.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR tuxcast (1),
