.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH tuxcast 1 "FEBRUARY 2010" 0.4 "tuxcast 0.4"
.SH NAME
tuxcast \- The Linux Podcast Client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tuxcast 
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Tuxcast is a minimal, portable podcatcher written in C++ with 
an interactive command line interface. 

Options and podcast feeds must be configured with
.B tuxcast-config
to make it functional. Then episodes can be downloaded
regularly using the \fB-c\fR option. When feeds are checked, all
undownloaded episodes are gotten unless an option specifies
otherwise.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
\fB\-c\fR
Check all configured feeds, print status to screen
.TP 
\fB\-s\fR
Check all configured feeds, very verbose output or graphical mode if
\fBtuxstatus\fR is installed (see GRAPHICAL MODE)
.TP 
\fB\-C name\fR
Check only the specified configured feed
.TP 
\fB\-u [-e num]\fR
Download only the latest episode from all configured feeds or the
latest \fInum\fR episodes using \fB-e\fR
.TP 
\fB\-U name [-e num]\fR
Download only the latest episode from the specified configured feed or the
latest \fInum\fR episodes using \fB-e\fR
.TP
\fB\-q name | URL\fR
Query the given named feed or URL for the available episodes, printing
the episode file names and sizes in bytes
.TP
\fB\-f\fR
Forget about older downloaded episodes (that are no longer in the feeds)
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Show version, licensing and build configuration information
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Show a help message

.SH GRAPHICAL MODE
Tuxcast can automatically detect and use the tuxstatus graphical front
end for download status using the \fB-s\fR option. It is enabled if
tuxstatus is installed and the standard output is not going to a
pipe. In this case, the following two commands are identical.
.IP
.B tuxcast -s
.br
.B tuxcast -s 2>/dev/null | tuxstatus -d
.PP
If either of these conditions are not true the original behavior
of very verbose output is used.

.SH FILES
.TP
$HOME/.tuxcast
Directory containing configuration data.
.TP
$HOME/.tuxcast/cache
Directory containing cached feed files.
.TP
$HOME/.tuxcast/config.xml
Main configuration file.
.TP
$HOME/.tuxcast/files.xml
List of episodes downloaded or skipped.
.SH BUGS
There are no known issues in this version of tuxcast.
.SH AUTHOR
Tuxcast is written by David 'Cillian' Turner assistance from Roger 'Oojah' Light, Greatred, and Mathew 'kookjr' Cucuzella.  Bittorrent support is based on the simple_client program for libtorrent, written by Jari 'Rakshasa' Sundell.

These manpages were written by cypher_ of Linux User Group Radio channel (#lugradio) on the freenode network.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR tuxcast-config(1),
.BR tuxstatus(1)

.BR docs
subdirectory in the source distribuion

.BR tuxstatus
prints episode download status using the graphical
.BR ncurses
library. It can be obtained from http://github.com/kookjr/tuxstatus
