.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH tuxcast-config 1 "JANUARY 2010" 0.4 "tuxcast 0.4"
.SH NAME
tuxcast-config \- tuxcast configuration utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tuxcast-config [option] name
.SH DESCRIPTION
A configuration utility for
.BR tuxcast(1).
It must be run before
.BR tuxcast(1)
can be run. It generates the required
configuration files that define feeds and options. See
.B "FIRST TIME SETUP"
for an example.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-a -n name -A address [-f folder]"
Add a feed named "name", with address "address".  Podcasts will be saved in the folder named "folder", under the root directory "podcastdir".  If folder is left blank, podcasts will be saved in the root podcast directory
.IP "-d name"
Delete the feed named "name".
.IP "-g option"
Retrieve the value of the option named "option"
.IP "-g feed -n name"
Show information on the feed named "name"
.IP -G
Show the value of all options, as well as listing all information on all feeds (similar
information to "-g feeds" with nice formatting)
.IP -h
Display a help message
.IP "-s option=value"
Set the configuration variable named "option" to "value" (see CONFIGURATION VARIABLES)
.IP -m
List MIME types which will be downloaded.  If this list is empty, files of all MIME types will be downloaded
.IP "-t type"
Permit the MIME type "type" to be downloaded
.IP "-r type"
Remove the MIME type "type" from the list of permitted MIME types
.IP "-u -n name [ -A address | -f folder | -N newname | -p PATTERN ]"
Change a property of an existing feed.  You can only change one property at a time.  Use -A to set the address to "address", -f to set the folder in which to save podcasts to "folder", -N to change the name of the feed to "newname"
and -p to add an "exclude pattern". If the pattern already exists on the feed, it is deleted. The special wildcard pattern, @all@, matches all podcast names and can be used to keep a feed updated but not download any of the podcasts.

.SH "CONFIGURATION VARIABLES"
There are several options which can be set with the \fB-s\fR option and are listed below.
The commands for postdownload, postrun and incorrectmime can have
escaped sequences consisting of a '%' and a letter and will be replaced by
the current configuration: 'p' with the path to the current output file, 'f'
with the parent's feed name, 'm' with the current output file's MIME type and 'd'
with the podcast directory (podcastdir).

.TP
podcastdir
the root directory in which all podcasts are saved
.TP
threads
number of concurrent downloads allowed
.TP
ask
if set to "yes", the user will be asked before downloading each file
.TP
postdownload
External command to be run after download completes
.TP
postrun
External command to be run after all work is completed (before exiting only if
at least one file has been downloaded)
.TP
incorrectmime
External command to be run if the mime type is incorrect

.SH FILES
.TP
$HOME/.tuxcast
Directory containing configuration data.
.TP
$HOME/.tuxcast/cache
Directory containing cached feed files.
.TP
$HOME/.tuxcast/config.xml
Main configuration file.
.TP
$HOME/.tuxcast/files.xml
List of episodes downloaded or skipped.

.SH "FIRST TIME SETUP"
There are some basic things that should be setup before running
.BR tuxcast(1).
First create the directories where podcasts will be downloaded into.
These can be anywhere, but for this example we will use a podcasts
directory in our home.
.IP
.B mkdir $HOME/podcasts\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ # root podcastdir
.br
.B mkdir $HOME/podcasts/music\ \ # special one for music podcasts
.PP
Now setup configure variables for this root directory. Also it is most
efficient to use a few threads for downloading concurrently.
.IP
.B tuxcast-config -s podcastdir=$HOME/podcasts
.br
.B tuxcast-config -s threads=3
.PP
Now setup all of your feeds. Note how the first one does not use the \fB-f\fR
option so the episodes will be stored in podcasts, while the second one
places them in podcasts/music.
.IP
.B tuxcast-config -a -n SciRadio \e
.br
.B \ \ \ \ -A http://www.science.org/podcastrss.php
.br
.B tuxcast-config -a -n TheBlues \e
.br
.B \ \ \ \ -A http://www.example.org/rss/blues.xml -f music
.PP
Usually you will not want all of the back episodes from each feed so it's a good idea
to download only the latest episode from each feed and mark all of the older ones
as downloaded.
.IP
.B tuxcast -u
.PP
That is all for setup. Now on a regular bases, maybe once a day, check the feeds
for any new podcasts.
.IP
.B tuxcast -c
.PP

.SH BUGS
There are no known issues in this version of tuxcast-config
.SH AUTHOR
Tuxcast is written by David 'Cillian' Turner assistance from Roger 'Oojah' Light, Greatred, and Mathew 'kookjr' Cucuzella.  Bittorrent support is based on the simple_client program for libtorrent, written by Jari 'Rakshasa' Sundell.

These manpages were written by cypher_ of Linux User Group Radio channel (#lugradio) on the freenode network.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR tuxcast (1)

.BR docs
subdirectory in the source distribution
